blur-my-shell@aunetx:Blur my Shell
Vitals@CoreCoding.com:Vitals
quick-settings-avatar@d-go:User Avatar In Quick Settings
dash-to-dock@micxgx.gmail.com:Dash to Dock
gnome-ui-tune@itstime.tech:Gnome 4x UI Improvements
compiz-windows-effect@hermes83.github.com:Compiz windows effect
burn-my-windows@schneegans.github.com:Burn My Windows
fq@megh:Force Quit
openbar@neuromorph:Open Bar
tiling-assistant@leleat-on-github:Tiling Assistant
extension-list@tu.berry:Extension List
just-perfection-desktop@just-perfection:Just Perfection
Bluetooth-Battery-Meter@maniacx.github.com:Bluetooth Battery Meter
media-progress@krypion17:Media Progress
CoverflowAltTab@palatis.blogspot.com:Coverflow Alt-Tab
notification-timeout@chlumskyvaclav.gmail.com:Notification Timeout
quick-settings-audio-panel@rayzeq.github.io:Quick Settings Audio Panel
clipboard-history@alexsaveau.dev:Clipboard History
rounded-window-corners@fxgn:Rounded Window Corners Reborn
smile-extension@mijorus.it:Smile - complementary extension
gsconnect@andyholmes.github.io:GSConnect
apps-menu@gnome-shell-extensions.gcampax.github.com:Apps Menu
background-logo@fedorahosted.org:Background Logo
places-menu@gnome-shell-extensions.gcampax.github.com:Places Status Indicator
